README.md, before:

# Presenting on macOS

This repository contains configurations, notes/guides, templates, small tools,
etc. which I have found useful for setting up a macOS environment to be useful
for presenting technical content (including things like a terminal profile
that is large enough for people to see). This is based on over 10 years of
experience using OS X/macOS to present technical content to audiences at conferences and in
webinars and virtual meetings.

Tools and scripts are available under the BSD license terms (see LICENCE below
and the [LICENSE file](LICENSE) in this repository).

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br />Documentation may be used and reproduced under the terms of <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

In short, you can _use_ everything here without worry; if you reproduce or
redistribute the documents, even with modifications, you must give credit and
use the same terms.

# Directory

- [iTerm2_profile.json](iTerm2_profile.json) -- a terminal profile for the 
  [iTerm2 terminal](https://iterm2.com/) that uses a large text size and some
  other minor tweaks that make it good for demos

- [toggle-desk-icons.sh](toggle-desk-icons.sh) -- a bash script that toggles
  the display of icons on the desktop

- [tools.md](tools.md) -- a list of links to 3rd-party tools useful for demos
  and presentations and related setup

- [advice.md](advice.md) -- some advice for setting up for presenting/demos

Commit message:

add working dir explanation for iTerm2_profile.json to README

README.md, after:

# Presenting on macOS

This repository contains configurations, notes/guides, templates, small tools,
etc. which I have found useful for setting up a macOS environment to be useful
for presenting technical content (including things like a terminal profile
that is large enough for people to see). This is based on over 10 years of
experience using OS X/macOS to present technical content to audiences at conferences and in
webinars and virtual meetings.

Tools and scripts are available under the BSD license terms (see LICENCE below
and the [LICENSE file](LICENSE) in this repository).

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br />Documentation may be used and reproduced under the terms of <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

In short, you can _use_ everything here without worry; if you reproduce or
redistribute the documents, even with modifications, you must give credit and
use the same terms.

# Directory

- [iTerm2_profile.json](iTerm2_profile.json) -- a terminal profile for the 
  [iTerm2 terminal](https://iterm2.com/) that uses a large text size and some
  other minor tweaks that make it good for demos. **Note:** the working
  directory is set to `/Users/proteus`; you'll want to change that to reflect
  your home directory; you can do that in iTerm2's settings

- [toggle-desk-icons.sh](toggle-desk-icons.sh) -- a bash script that toggles
  the display of icons on the desktop

- [tools.md](tools.md) -- a list of links to 3rd-party tools useful for demos
  and presentations and related setup

- [advice.md](advice.md) -- some advice for setting up for presenting/demos
